Authors:
Jonathan Mortensen
Bastien Rance

For installation instructions, see the INSTALL file

PM provides a quick way to manage various projects (directories) which can have scripted actions based on user preference.
Main features include:
Saves the last working subdirectory when you leave a project, automatically returning you to that directory when returning to a project.
Provides an EASY commit function, which adds the last command along with an optional message to a log file for that project. (Because we are all lazy)
Provides named project switching (you do not need to remember the top level directory)
Extensible

There are 4 points of navigating through a project under PM which can be scripted with additional actions:
1) Actions upon entry of a project. This can occur either through switching to a project using pm (pm p "proj name") or by simplying changing directory into the project or its subdirectories (cd)
2) Upon exit of a project.  Same as above.  By default, the last known working directory of the project is saved.  When changing to a project using pm, the terminal will automatically return to that working directory
3) Upon commit.  PM has a commit action.  Using the commit action adds the last command, along with the date and time to a log file (the beginning of a shell script to automate anything in your project).  This commit can be accompanied by a message.
4) At every command (Do this by changing BASH variables upon entry, OPTION 1)

Each option can be configured for a specific project, or for all projects, using the config files within the top level directory of a project (.pm) or in the .pm folder in your home directory.

At a top level directory, the config files are .pm, .pm_exit, .pm_update
In the main .pm directory (in your home directory) the config files are pm.conf, pm_upate.conf, pm_exit.conf
Additional configuration can be done in ~/.ondirrc


For specific usage instructions use the help function of PM

Future plans: Integrate GIT, make the delete function work

Known bugs:
* File names containing space are not recognized during commit
